---
layout: default
img: phones.png
category: Timeline
title: Work History
description: |
---
Wizards of the Coast, Renton, Washington (November 2013 – Present)
Software Developer
Maintain consumer facing websites for all Wizards of the Coast brands using a variety of programming languages and frameworks including C#,
VB.NET, PHP, JQuery, and PrototypeJS.
Lead developer for a customer facing card database and API accessed by millions of users per month performing monthly updates, bugfixes, and
improvements.
Creator and manager of internal tool suite that saves time and reduces error rate, reducing page content production time by approximately 85%.
Migrated production Drupal-based websites from third party hosting to Docker containers hosted on AWS, resulting in $400k annual cost savings
while maintaining availability.
Manage production legacy systems ensuring high availability, and applying security upgrades where needed including upgrading to HTTPS.
Write software design documentation for new software projects.
Interface with other teams to gather and elaborate on requirements.
AltaSource Group, Kirkland, Washington (April 2013 – November 2013)
Web Developer – Embedded Contractor with Wizards of the Coast
Maintained XML-based Content Management System.
Added new features to sites as requested, including a full featured commenting system.
Created automation framework for adding localized content to Wizards websites.
AMSEC LLC, Bremerton, Washington (April 2012 – April 2013)
Software Engineer III – Embedded Contractor with US Navy NUWC Keyport
Developed high quality web based applications and SharePoint sites for government customer, using C#, VB.NET, Javascript, and JQuery
languages.
Provided support for application users as Tier 2 technical support.
Assisted government personnel directly with multiple projects as the contract team point of contact.
MSE-Tetragenics, Butte, Montana (April 2007 – October 2013)
Software Engineer
Maintained a multitude of software applications for a control systems suite, including developing new features, debugging, and testing, using C,
C++, and Delphi.
Wrote ISO 9001-compliant software documentation, including requirements documents, design documents, test plans, and user documentation.
Provided troubleshooting and custom software development for customers.
